1
Hello, Thank you for being here.  I'm Jinseob Kim, CEO of Zarathu Company. I’m going to talk about my business and what we can do together.

2
Let’s start by introducing my service. Zarathu provides analytic services for medical research. Firstly, We develop web-based statistical software that doctors can easily analyze without installing it. Second, we help medical researchers analyze national medical data Korea has high-quality healthcare big data at the national level, so doctors do many studies with this data. For example, National Health Insurance Service(NHIS) and Health Insurance Review & Assessment Service(HIRA) support big data research using their data.
We also provide statistical consulting and education for doctors, researchers and students.

3
But, do you think it is really necessary? Let’s talk about medical data first. Medical data is very important. This is a record of desperate struggle of patients and doctors and there are a lot of tears in it. We should make knowledge and technology that can save mankind with this data. Better data analysis saves lives.

4
Now, many people feel medical data and research important. After Covid-19, the demands for analyzing medical data has been rapidly increased as the number of medical articles increased double. Not just researching, but clinical trials to develop new drugs are rapidly increasing. As IT technology develops, not only edible drugs but also mobile apps are recognized as digital therapeutics (DTx), and untact clinical trials can be made without the need for patients to visit hospitals (decentralized clinical trial(DCT). 

5
As such, demands for analyzing medical data has rapidly increased, but there was no service which researchers can quickly and easily use. 
In case of existing statistical software, we should install and code as well. And analytical modules specialized for medicine are not sufficient.  Furthermore, it is hard to find companies that have medical expertise. 
Doctors want services that is easy and quick to write and specialized for medical field. 

6
So, Zarathu developed real-time analytical web so that researchers can easily use. 
First, We have released a free web site containing analyzes commonly used in medical research as openstat.ai.  Researchers do not need to install SW on their PCs, but can just access this web in any environment including PC, mobile and tablet to directly upload and analyze the data and download result report right away. Analytical web customized for specific researches are provided with paid service. 


7
We have modulized more than 90% of analytical methods of medical researches. And all analytical modules are made as open source softwares to disclose. Anyone can recycle our codes. Figures below are open source softwares we developed with R, a programing language in field of data science

8
“We were selected for open source SW start-up and open source software R&D hosted by Ministry of Science and ICT based on our contribution to open source and community activities. 
The topic of R&D was to develop Cloud based open-source statistical software in which not only doctors but also general public can easily use. As you see the figure below, we are developing it under the project name of “statgarten”. 

9
Now, I will introduce other achievement. Since establishing the company, we have supported data analysis required for more than 300 SCI papers including the Lancet, the world’s most prestigious journal, and open source statistical package we developed on our own recorded more than 100,000 downloads. 
Based on this, we get venture business certificate and were selected for various start-up support programs. 
 
10
I will introduce my team now. I, Jinseob Kim, am a doctor majored public health and established Zarathu 4 years ago based on my experience at Mathematical Olympiad, Graduate School of Public Health and Health Service Group of Samsung Electronics of dealing with various health data. There are 7 team members currently and their average age is 25, including 4 who majored statistics, 2 developers and 1 who majored Persian. 

11 I will tell you about our future plan. Our current goal is to become the No. 1 data analysis company in the field of medical research and we think we are already No. 1. 

Based on a strong network with Korean researchers, we are actively conducting global collaborative research and will continuously support related communities while contributing to open source ecosystem. 

We currently support analytics for medical research., but we plan to support analysis for clinical trials of new drugs in the future.  We have signed our first contract with domestic pharmaceutical company recently. Especially, We will provide  service specialized especially for Digital Therapeutics(DTx) and decentralized clinical trial(DCT). 


12
Zarathu thinks ‘Save the World’ and ‘Produce rising star’ as our core value. 
We will contribute to saving all mankind by helping medical researchers to make new medical knowledge and support our next generations to save the universe. 
The most important thing for us is to grow data scientists who are working with us into global stars. We will create new job called ‘research support specialist’ and make this job as promising profession as much as doctor and lawyer. 

13
I want to suggest one thing to everyone here. 
Zarathu can help your country to make a better use of medical data. We can help to standardize the data for global collaborative research and to use Openstat service. We will also support analytical service. We will not stop just providing service, but we will help youth to grow as data scientists in the medical field by making every effort to foster talents. We will constantly conduct education and internship program and support to recruit them in Korea if they want. 

14
Thank you for your time. If anyone has questions I’ll be happy to answer them.
